# Mobile-App-Development
Mobile App Development final project.

Nowadays, there is a plethora of different mobile apps and games that people from around the world use to entertain themselves. Over 1.85 million apps exist on Play Market only, but the number of good quality free apps is still limited. For this reason, the decision to create the Quiz game app for the University of Central Asia (UCA) community was taken by our group members. UCA is an institution situated in the middle of the mountains in Naryn region, Kyrgyzstan. The campus of UCA is residential and is normally full of students, faculty and staff, who like spending time with joy, fun and benefit. Therefore, an idea to create a game that will be uniting two most popular activities on campus appeared right away. The aim of the given project is to create an app for entertainment that will be both engaging and intellectually stimulating.

In order to implement the given project, Android Studio environment is used as a tool for development for two reasons. Firstly, android is the most widespread mobile Operating System (OS) and majority of UCA students use android based phones. Secondly, Android Studio is a free tool available online, which is significantly convenient to use. Although the Android Studio suggests Kotlin and Java as development tools, the only programming language that is used during project implementation is Java. In addition to this, the XML mark-up language is also used during development of the app design. The built-in tools of the Android Studio are as follows: java classes, objects, methods and activities. Objects that are used for the app development are radio buttons, buttons, image views, text views, edit texts and extra activities. The methods are written mainly for the buttons, text views and image views. The buttons will be used to move from one page to another, spin the bottle, and confirm the number of players. The radio buttons will be used to generate the number of players (for the demo version 4/5/6). The text views are used to display the questions and results. The text edits are used for the players’ nicknames generation.

10th commit
11th commit
